Weekly Reports/Weekly Report - 9-18.md, before:

# Team Report

## Subsection 1: What We Did From Last Section
N/A – it is week 1.

## Subsection 2: What We Did
This week, we worked on figuring out who is responsible for each part of the project:

- **Navid and Kunj**: Working on the machine learning aspects with the LLM (Language Model).
- **Krish and Sahil**: Focusing on the backend development.
- **Tahira and [Other Group Member genuinely cant remember his name his discord is pillowcaseguy]**: Responsible for the frontend of the project.

### Where We Had Troubles:
- Not everybody shows up to our section in person, and some are only on Zoom. This has led to slight communication issues, but we expect this to be resolved by next week.

## Subsection 3: Goals for the Following Weeks
- Improve our method of communication and ensure everyone is on the same page.
- For the machine learning and backend team, learn more about what an LLM is and how to create one.
- For the frontend team, figure out the best approach to develop the frontend of the project.
- Identify where to obtain Powell's speeches.
- Create either a web scraper tool or download PDFs of the speeches.
- Convert the PDFs of the speeches into a format suitable for the LLM.

# Individual Report


## Kunj 

### Subsection 1:
N/A it is the first week

### Subsection 2:
I will mainly work on the machine-learning aspect with Navid for the project. For this week, I have just started going through different materials and researching what machine-learning models we will use. Not just that but also going through videos and articles to get a grasp of the project and finalize the features we would like our project to have so we can actually get started on working on the project next week.

### Subsection 3
- Next week, mainly set up the environment
- Getting start on exploring the dataset that we all agree to use for project. 

## Sahil
### Subsection 1: 
N/A – it is the first week.

### Subsection 2:
- I've been watching videos to figure out where to get a good dataset that we can easily integrate into the code.
- I’ve also been checking out which machine learning model and LLM would work best for this project, and looking into the features we’ll need to add. 

### Subsection 3: 
- Finding a good dataset to use.
- Finding out which ML model will be best for this project.
- Finding out how to integrate the data to get the best results. 

### Tahira
Tahira I will be working on the Front-End: The front end is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for dynamic interactions. A framework such as React.js or Vue.js can be used to enhance the user experience.

### Krish

## Subsection 1: 
N/A – it is the first week.

## Subsection 2:
- Learned about different ML models we might integrate
- checked out LLMs

## Subsection 3: 
- Looking for good dataset
- Researching ML models

### Navid Hoque

## Subsection 1: 
N/A – it is the first week.

## Subsection 2:
This week, I helped organize the team into 3 different groups. I also found some learning materials to help everyone get started.

## Subsection 3: 
- Find more material about LLMs and send it to the group.
- Figure out which model will be best for the project.
- Identify where to find the Fed speeches.
- Determine whether it's better to use a web scraper or simply download PDFs of the speeches.

Commit message:

Update Weekly Report - 9-18.md
Added a trouble we've had, and my name (lol), a goal, and my own section. Modify as needed.

Weekly Reports/Weekly Report - 9-18.md, after:

# Team Report

## Subsection 1: What We Did From Last Section
N/A – it is week 1.

## Subsection 2: What We Did
This week, we worked on figuring out who is responsible for each part of the project:

- **Navid and Kunj**: Working on the machine learning aspects with the LLM (Language Model).
- **Krish and Sahil**: Focusing on the backend development.
- **Tahira and Neville**: Responsible for the frontend of the project.

### Where We Had Troubles:
- Not everybody shows up to our section in person, and some are only on Zoom. This has led to slight communication issues, but we expect this to be resolved by next week.
- Not all of us have the same experience using software like Git, or other programs. As we use them and get help, we will learn, so this issue will be resolved quickly.

## Subsection 3: Goals for the Following Weeks
- Improve our method of communication and ensure everyone is on the same page.
- For the machine learning and backend team, learn more about what an LLM is and how to create one.
- For the frontend team, figure out the best approach to develop the frontend of the project.
- Settle definitively on which software tools we will use.
- Identify where to obtain Powell's speeches.
- Create either a web scraper tool or download PDFs of the speeches.
- Convert the PDFs of the speeches into a format suitable for the LLM.

# Individual Report


## Kunj 

### Subsection 1:
N/A it is the first week

### Subsection 2:
I will mainly work on the machine-learning aspect with Navid for the project. For this week, I have just started going through different materials and researching what machine-learning models we will use. Not just that but also going through videos and articles to get a grasp of the project and finalize the features we would like our project to have so we can actually get started on working on the project next week.

### Subsection 3
- Next week, mainly set up the environment
- Getting start on exploring the dataset that we all agree to use for project. 

## Sahil
### Subsection 1: 
N/A – it is the first week.

### Subsection 2:
- I've been watching videos to figure out where to get a good dataset that we can easily integrate into the code.
- I’ve also been checking out which machine learning model and LLM would work best for this project, and looking into the features we’ll need to add. 

### Subsection 3: 
- Finding a good dataset to use.
- Finding out which ML model will be best for this project.
- Finding out how to integrate the data to get the best results. 

### Tahira
Tahira I will be working on the Front-End: The front end is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for dynamic interactions. A framework such as React.js or Vue.js can be used to enhance the user experience.

### Krish

## Subsection 1: 
N/A – it is the first week.

## Subsection 2:
- Learned about different ML models we might integrate
- checked out LLMs

## Subsection 3: 
- Looking for good dataset
- Researching ML models

### Navid Hoque

## Subsection 1: 
N/A – it is the first week.

## Subsection 2:
This week, I helped organize the team into 3 different groups. I also found some learning materials to help everyone get started.

## Subsection 3: 
- Find more material about LLMs and send it to the group.
- Figure out which model will be best for the project.
- Identify where to find the Fed speeches.
- Determine whether it's better to use a web scraper or simply download PDFs of the speeches.

### Neville
- I've been refreshing on my HTML and CSS knowledge, plus looking into JavaScript and frameworks that use it, including Electron and React. We frontenders shall coordinate and decide on which to use after weighing pros and cons for each.
- Primarily, I have been stuck on what to use, but that is expected when trying to pick software. It is quite a bit to choose from, especially ones I haven't worked with or ones I'm not sure can do what we want. But, we will give it a shot!
